/CM
    -CustomManager.sh
    -IntegrityCheck.sh
    -ServiceManager.sh
    -KeySearch.sh
    -BackupHandler.sh
    -ConfigManager.sh

    -fs.config
    -serviceup.config
    -maliciouskeys.config
    -maliciousdir.config
    -backup.config

/var/log/integrity_monitor.log
/var/log/service_interrupt.log
/var/log/malicious_keys.log


Configs Structure

fs.config (specify the static file or dir that you want to make it immutable)
    - 'filepath/dirpath' each line has the different path of file or dir n lines means n files or dirs

serviceup.config (specify the service names that are meant to be always runs at any point of time)
    - 'servicename' each line has the servicename and n lines means n services to be runned.

maliciouskeys.config
    - 'Language=keyword1 keyword2 keywordn' this is the format that we are going to use to store the malicious keywords info.

maliciousdir.config
    - 'path of dir' each line has the path and n lines means n dirs path.

backup.config
    - 'timestamp|actualcontentpath|backupcontentpath'  it was automatically generated by the BackupHandler.sh



WorkFlow of Each script

CustomManager.sh
    -it runs IntegrityCheck.sh,ServiceManager.sh these two scripts runs always background.
    -CustomManager has a menu to handle 
        -ConfigManager.sh if we do any modifications to configs using configmanager mit will stops the 
            IntegrityCheck.sh , ServiceManager.sh these scripts and start runs it again.
        -KeySearch option
        -BackupHandler option 
        -clear the screen option
        -Exit
IntegrityCheck.sh
    - it works based on the configurations that are in the fs.config
        - if the specified file or dir is not immutable it will print a warning message that the dir/file is need to be immutable and it adds the immutable flag to it. this was sent to the integrity_monitor.log
        - based on the path that are specified on the config 
            - if it is a file it makes the file immutable 
            - if it is a dir it makes the entire dir to immutable 
        - it will check for every 10 seconds

ServiceManager.sh
    - it works based on the Configurations that are in the serviceup.config
    - it will take each service and checks weather it was active or not 
        - if it was not active it will print a warning message that the service is down and it will restart the service.
        - it will send the info if the service is down and sends the timestamp also to the service_interrupt.log.

Keysearch.sh
    - it works based on the Configurations that are in the maliciouskeys.config and also the maliciousdirs.config
    - it will search for the malicious keywords and if any malicious keywords found it will get the { filename , line and column , time-stamp, keyword , language} it will send this info to malicious_keys.log  and just print a warning message  that we have got count of the keysearch logs.
    - add the new dir to maliciousdirs.config for searching keywords on the more suspisious dirs.


BackupHandler.sh
    - it works based on the Configurations that are in the backup.config
    - it has the option to create a backup  by entering the source path and and where it need to be stored this was recorded in  backup.config.
    - it has the option to restore a backup by selecting the list of backups available from the backup.config by picking one it will restore it.
    - exit option

ConfigManager.sh
    - it gives the access to modify and view the current configs of IntegrityCheck.sh and ServiceManager.sh if modify something it will kill the subprocess of corresponding bash and runs it again.
    - exit option
